Add Community link to `getting-started.md` (for both Connectors & TypeScript) (#27)
apollographql/rover-init-starters: start-with-typescript/getting-started.md

Whenever you modify your schema, run `npm run codegen` to ensure your generated types are up to date as well.

> ℹ️ If you run into any issues or difficulties, please reach out via the [Apollo Community here](https://community.apollographql.com/c/graph-os/getting-started/35) and click “New Topic”–the Apollo team is here to help!

Reviewer: Suggestion to:
-Remove "here" (not necessary)
- Separate into two sentences for increased readability

```suggestion
ℹ️ If you run into any issues or difficulties, please reach out via the [Apollo Community](https://community.apollographql.com/c/graph-os/getting-started/35). Click **New Topic** to start a discussion–the Apollo team is here to help!
```
